-: Welcome back.
In this lecture we are going to delete the applications
created as part of this section, which is nothing
but zero to applications, whatever we have done.
So we are going to remove it.
So rest all we are going to leave as is.
Rest all in the sense whatever is extra demand running
on these two nodes, so we are going to leave it as is.
So why we are doing that. So there is a reason for that.
So we are going to leave the accelerate set running
which we will leverage in our next section
related to canary deployments in Kubernetes on EKS.
So whenever we do the canary deployment,
so from user management service,
it can distribute the traffic to V1 notification service 50%
and for V2 notification service 50%.
And when it is doing that, we need to see that
in x-ray for our additional understanding.
So for considering all those things,
I want x-ray to be enabled.
So that's the reason we are not deleting the
accelerated functionality,
which is nothing but accelerated functionality,
which we have created in zero one section here.
We are not removing that.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye. Thank you.